The hope in my mother's eyes shattered me. 

"Please David, for me?" she asked. "Maybe this will help you," she continued, oblivious to the stiffness in my posture and the sudden iciness that had crept into my eyes.

"Help me?" I said sullenly. "How about all the medications? The countless therapists? Did those help?" I continued.

My mind raced, and I barely heard the effect my words had on my mother until she abruptly stamped her foot, like a spoiled child.

"Davy!" she yelled. "Listen. We have no other option. I have no other option. This whole situation?" she said, gesturing to the shattered mirror on the living room floor, "it can't keep on happening."

It was then that I knew I had no choice. My mother never, ever called my "Davy." Davy was my older brother. I had never met him, because he died before I was born. No one told me how, but I had ears and a bad habit of eavesdropping. That, along with the whispers and hushed voices of my relatives when they thought I wasn't looking led me to one word, a dreaded syllable that everyone thought but no one said. 

Suicide.

"David, answer me!" my mother said, breaking my thoughts and hurling me back into the present.

Unable to stop the trembling in my voice, I spoke. "Do I really have a choice?" I asked, already knowing the answer.

My mother hesitated for a moment, but it was enough for me to understand what she meant. I didn't trust myself to speak anymore, so without another word, I ran up to my bedroom. Vaguely, I head the loud slam of my door and the click of the lock on the brass knob as I turned it.

I sat on edge of my bed, caught between a series of conflicting emotions that seemed like they could crush me, puliverizing everything good in my life. I didn't hear Alice until she was beside me. 

Without another word, she hugged me. The fuzz of her sweater caught on the bottom of my eyelids and I swatted at the drops of salted water that clung to the orange fabric.

After a moment, she untangled her arms from my chest and looked at me, desperation shining in her eyes.

"It's happening?" she said.

I couldn't speak anymore, and I didn't try to. Instead, I nodded, curling my knees into my chest and hiding my face between the folds of denim there.

In that moment, there wasn't anything I wanted to do execpt for hide. Hide, and maybe run. I wanted to run away, run and take Alice with me, but I knew there wasn't anywhere to go. 

Alice's voice broke through my thoughts. Alice spoke softly, letting her words flow into the air like a vapor, unlike my mother, whose words pierced it like a spear.

"Can I come with you?" she whispered, more quiet than I'd ever heard before.

For a moment, I wanted to pretend that I hadn't heard her, but my conscience ached, and I found I couldn't ignore her.

"Yes," I said. 

Then, she let go of her physical form and vanished into a cloud of gold. I opened my Soul and let her in, gently closing the gates behind me as she entered.

...

From the camera room, Jay Devore watched intently as David re-absorbed Alice. To everyone else, it would look like nothing had happened. It simply seemed that David was talking to thin air. But Devore had sharp eyes, honed to a deadly edge through years of training and hunting other Souls, and he recognized the telltale signs of an open Soul, as well as the almost invisible mist that flowed into it. 

He was so absorbed in the video that he almost didn't hear his wife come behind him. It wasn't until she reached out a hand to stroke his shoulder that he recognized the warmth of another person and spun around quickly, placing his hands on Macie's temples. Instantly, her eyes became glassy.

"What did you see?" he asked, not bothering to hide the edge in his tone.

"You, and David," she replied. Her voice sounded artificial and she spoke in a monotone.

"What about David?" he insisted.

"I saw him talking to someone that isn't there, on the video camera screen," she said. Already, a hint of human emotion was creeping into her voice. Jay quickly closed the laptop he had been observing David from and hurriedly turned around. In a second, he had closed his Soul, wincing from the sound of the slamming doors inside his chest.

Behind him, his wife, Macie, looked up, confusion clouding her soft features. "What happened, Jay?" she asked, rubbing her temples, where Jay's hands had been just a moment before.

"Nothing, my love," he replied, leaning up to give her a kiss on the cheek. In return, she smiled, forgetting the fuzziness in her head. "We were just talking about options for David."

"Ah, yes," she said. Her smile had been replaced with a look of resignation. The thought of admitting their son, David, into Devore Institute felt too much like giving up. She knew that David's father owned the place, and knew of the pristine reputation and licensure that the place held. Still, some unknown fear nagged her in the back of her mind.

Unable to pinpoint the apprehansive feeling that she had, Macie Devore brushed it off before speaking again.

"He broke a mirror in the living room. Again. Nothing seems to help his violent tendencies, Jay."

Jay sighed and looked down, trying to hide the glee on his face. 

"Does this mean-"

Macie nodded. "Yes. I think we need to admit David into Devore."

Jay found himself smiling, but quickly shifted his features into a look of concern before Macie could notice.

"Okay. If you feel like this is the right choice Mace, I'll stand behind you." In a moment of passion, he took Macie's head in his hands.

"I'll always be beside you. If there's anything I can do to help our son, I'll do it."

Macie smiled tearfully, forcing down the instinctive mistrust that invaded her mind.

"Can we do it tomorrow?"

...

Excerpt from the Book of Devourers: A Guide to Hunting Souls

Introduction

Often, one can find it hard to define a Soul. I mean, what is it?

Yes, every Devourer worth his salt knows that Souls can be dangerous and that the powers they use differ from person to person. We all understand how their powers work: they create a connection to their power, which is sometimes described as feeling like they are "opening their chest". Once the connection is forged, the Soul then uses it to fight percieved threats, and once these threats are eliminated, the Soul then ends the connection, like closing a gate. 

But still, that doesn't really answer the question: What is a Soul and where does it come from?

In my opinion, having killed and imprisoned thousands of Souls throughout my career, here is my definition: 

A Soul is a being that looks and acts human. It could, in fact, be mistaken for a human except for two things: a Soul is immortal and never ages past approximately 20 years old, and a Soul has inhuman abilities that, as mentioned above, vary from person to person. 

Now, for the real question: How do we, as Devourers, or warriors dedicated to ending the existence of Souls, fight them?

...

Jay dreamt of his childhood. It had been a long time since he'd been a child, almost 40 years, but the memories still felt fresh in his mind.

Usually, he when he was awake, he knew better than to relive the hell that he grew up in, but now, he wasn't awake, and the rawness and pain slipped through any barriers he had.

"Son!" A voice called to Jay, piercing the still afternoon air. Jay had been reclining on a pile of leaves, but as soon as his father called him, he bolted upright, scrambling to his feed. Even as a child, Jay Devore knew better than to be caught resting while on duty.

Ahead of him, Herald Devore stomped through the foliage surrounding them. "Dang it, you worthless piece of meat! What've I told you about sleeping on the job?" he barked.

Instinctively, Jay felt the muscles in his back tense. "Sir, I wasn't sleeping. I finished raking the leaves hours ago and thought-"

Herald interrupted his son with a hard backhand to the face.

"What'ya think? That you could get away that easily? Look!" he said, gesturing towards the few leaves that rustled through their lawn.

"But Dad, I got almost all of 'em! Those must've fallen from the tree just now!"

Herald Devore reddened. Then, he tensed up, and faced his son. He spread his arms wide and assumed an aggressive stance. Too late, Jay realized his father didn't mean to hurt him using his fists. No, he had something much worse in mind.

Jay instantly dropped to the ground and curled up in a fetal position, knowing it would hurt less.

Behind his head, a loud bark echoed, and Jay felt a hint of fur before the jolt of pain as one of his father's hounds bit his forearm.

"Dad," he screamed as he felt another hound's footsteps approach. Through the dogs' frantic pants and their howls ringing in his head, Jay heard his father yell, and the words he said made hurt worse than the hounds did.

"Stop calling me that! You are a worthless son, and always have been. Your mother died because of you, and I wish to God everyday you'd never existed! Leena was worth a thousand of you, even though she was human.

Looking through bruised eyes and swollen lids, Jay saw his father kneeling on the ground. His youthful features, so much like Jay's own, were crumpled up in rage.

"Leena, my beloved, why?" he howled. "Darlin', I always knew you would get old, would die in my arms someday, but why so early? I never wanted to be a father anyways!"

Anger and frustration rushed through Jay. Before he knew it, Jay was on his feet. Without thinking, he ran, breaking through the barrier his father's hounds had formed around him. In a moment, he had reached Herald. In slow motion, Jay saw his hands, pale and white, circle around his father's head. For the first time, Jay felt something in his chest move, then open.

Beneath him, Herald Devore moved, slowly at first, then more quickly as he realized what was happenning. Quickly, his tone changed. "No, Jay, please no! I love you son, no please!"

"Do you though?" Jay said icily. "You've always treated me like I was nothing. You've wronged me in every way possible, Dad," he said, emphasizing the last word.

Herald's eyes rolled into the back of his head and he began to convluse.

"You know Daddy? You were right about one thing though: you never wanted to be a father. And me? I never wanted to be your son," Jay said, tasting a sourness in his tougue, combined with the tang of blood from where the dogs had bit him.

Finally, after what seemed liked an eternity, Jay let go. Herald Devore collapsed to the ground. His pupils reappeared, and then he said the last lucid words he would ever say.

"I only kept you around because you reminded me of your mother."

Then, Herald laid his head down, savoring the sweet smell of rotting leaves. 
...
 
Later at the hospital, a nurse comforted him, after the police had questioned Jay, which was after the emergency medial personnel had taken his father into a stretcher. 

"Don't worry, it'll be okay. Your father'll live."

Jay looked up stone-faced, and the nurse licked her lips nervously. She opened her mouth, intending to give more meaningless comforts to the young man, but before she could do so, a door banged behind them.

"Jayson Devore?"

Jay stood up. "Its Jay," he said coldly.

"Your brother just got outta surgery," the nurse behind them called out.

The nurse who had comforted Jay stood up hurriedly and wiped her hands on her uniform before skittering out of the room nervously. The feeling of discomfort in the room intensified as Jay pushed himself upright, standing in front of the nurse behind him.

"It's my Dad, ma'am," he said, fighting to keep his tone civil.

The nurse eyed him, up and down.

"Sure, whatever you say," she said casually. With a wave of her hand, she ushered Jay into a room.

"Here he is," she said, indicating the bed where his father laid. Beside it, a male doctor stood, looking concernedly at a clipboard.

"Are you sure the intake personnel got the relationship right Maggie?" he asked the portly nurse who had led Jay in.

"Can't see how they could've gotten it wrong," she replied, "seein' as it was the boy who filled it out."

For the first time, the doctor noticed Jay, who was standing in a corner, wishing desperately to be out of the room. His leg still ached, as did his arm from the doses of rabies vaccines he'd been given, and he wanted nothing more that to sleep.

"Your brot- I mean your father, has suffered severe brain damage," the doctor said bluntly. "It is rather odd though, since we rarely see strokes in a patient this young."

"He's 65 years old, sir," Jay replied, no longer able to keep the annoyance out of his voice.

"Are you sure? He looks to be 20 at most," the doctor said incredulously.

Jay didn't bother to answer. Instead, he looked down at the vinyl floor, seemingly fascinated with the blotches of gray on it.

After a moment, the doctor coughed nervously.

"Well, I'm sorry to tell you this, young man, but I don't expect him to recover his faculties. He's alive and stable, physically, but his brain is damaged beyond repair. We will likely have to move him to another facility where he will be cared for-"

"Okay," Jay said. 

The doctor blinked. "Excuse me?"

"I said yes," Jay continued.

The doctor laughed tentatively, clearly just as eager as Jay was to leave.

"I mean, isn't this something we'll have to discuss with your mother-"

"She's dead," Jay interrupted.

The doctor's face fell.

"Put 'im where you want to. I'm out," Jay said.

Then, without another word, he stepped out of the room, walking past the wide-eyed nurse and shocked doctor. He slipped through the door to the lobby, then past. Once he was outside, he took a deep breath of air, which tasted fresher than he'd ever known it to be.

"Dad, I'm free," he said.

...
"Jay, honey, wake up," a voice said, rousing Jay from his slumber.

Groggily, he looked at the clock beside his bed. The time read 4:25am.

"What the-" he muttered, rolling over. 

Then he stopped and stilled. His mouth puckered, and his aging features twisted into an expression of annoyance as he saw his wife weeping beside him. More importantly though, Jayson Devore realized what was wrong, putting a reason to the feeling of emptiness that had plagued him since he woke up just a few moments ago.

"Where the hell is David?" he yelled.

...
